I think you are right undoubtedly that most people are accepting the war on terrorism but I believe that acceptance is very superficial, very thin, I believe it’s based on the fact that people do not have information given to them by the media. Let me give one example. This should be played at high volume. 

KALW in San Francisco 91.7 FM, I’m Laura Flanders and this is working assets radio, tomorrow in san Francisco people will have a rare opportunity to speak back to a federal body which wheels a great deal of power over who generally gets to speak to them. Federal communications commission regulates radio and tv, telephones and satellite transmissions and tomorrow at San Francisco city hall from 10-4 it will be holding a hearing to receive public comment on proposed changes to it’s media ownership rules. With concentration of media in the hands of fewer, and fewer corporations isn’t a new story but the changes in just the last 2 decades have been remarkable. In 1983, 90% of the major media were controlled by just 50 complanies, by 92 that number had been cunt in half to just 2 dozen companies and by 2000, an overwhelming majority of the mass media was only owned by only 6 companies. an overwhelmhing majority of the mass media was only owned by only 6 companies. 6 companies, 6,6,6 companies, 6 companies. Aol, time-warner, Disney, Bertelsmann, Fircom, news corporation and vivendi universal have already amassed holding across the media, from newspapers, to cable, to the internet.
The largest shift of ownership rules that the united states has ever seen, it’s a dramatic review of every single one of our most important media ownership rules, a lot of people don’t even know exist. But they control how many television stations a single owner can own, how many radio stations, whether newspapers can own television stations and how many. These are huge questions, because we’ve seen for example in radio, where congress relaxed the rules in 1996 and it led to an unprecedented wave of consolidation in radio and now it’s kind of hard to hear news. We’re not hearing from the commercial stations, all of them are owned by one company, all of them are owned by one company. 666. We’re not hearing from the commercial stations, all of them are owned by one company, clear channel communications, clear channel communications, clear channel communications, clear channel communications. I want to see more fairness in media. What you don’t want is that so few owners in a community that they can dominate the dialogue and move it in whatever direction they might want to move it in without having the alternative of competing ideas to ensure that there are diverse owners of media. 

You know the founders of this country figured out that there was only one way to have fairness in media. The way to get fairness in media is to make it possible for ordinary people to create media, and that means that it isn’t in the hand of a handful of very large corporations. clear channel communications very large corporations. clear channel communications aol, time-warner, very large corporations, Disney, very large corporations, firecom, very large corporations, new corporation and vivendi universal. This should be played at very high volume. 
in the hand of a handful
in the hand of a handful
in the hand of a handful
a handful
6 companies 
That means that it isn’t in the hand of a handful of very large corporations, but they are locally owned, locally produced, and related to the folks that are consuming it. That’s the answer, and right now we have changes that will move us in exactly wrong direction being considerate and still the vast majority of Americans know nothing about it.

¾ of americans had absolutely no idea whatsoever 

People who did actually know about it, that small portion of the populace who knew about it was almost universally opposed.  


¾ of americans had absolutely no idea whatsoever 

People do not have information given to them by the media, ¾ of americans had absolutely no idea whatsoever 

We have enormous freedom, that’s not a gift that was given to us, it’s a legacy that was left to us by centuries of struggle, by centuries of people, most of whose names are completely forgotten. Most of the ones who created the freedom and the rights that we now have and that will be taken away unless you constantly defend them. And there is in fact a major effort to take them away right now.
